The triumph of academic jazz in a theoretical sense is to lead western harmonic
theory back to the source of its power, voice leading. Socially, it has 
institutionalized a tremendous evolution in western music that is predominantly 
African & American in origin.

---

a quarter note can also be known as a crotchet. Likewise, a quaver can also be 
called an eighth note. These terms have a nice feel to them — they seem to
*sound like* the thing that they refer to.

In the other temporal direction, the note twice as long as a quarter note (a half 
note) is also known as a minim. The whole note is called a semibreve. The seldom
seen double whole note is traditionally known as a breve.

Curious students of Latin will quickly notice that this is simply the word *short*. How is it that the longest note seen in typical contemporary practice
is called a "short"?

The earliest notation in our current tradition represented the distinction between
long and short notes. The *longa* and *breve*. For a while, this was probably
enough. There were no metronomes, and notation meant to guide unaccompanied 
singing doesn't require much temporal precision. Of course, it might have been 
nice to represent certain flourishes, openings or endings of lines — exactly 
where notes might change more rapidly and a memory aid might be useful. This
calls for access to notes of shorter duration in the notation. From an early time,
therefore, theory recognized the use of the *semibreve* — about half a *breve* — 
and the *minim* — that is, the "shortest" note length.

Over time, in the practices of the western music tradition, there has been 
significant *note inflation*. Smaller note lengths were invented, the way atomic
physicists have done in our more recent past. New manuscripts called for use of 
the new, shorter notes, but on the whole, the basic pulse of long to short notes
stayed in the same general range of frequencies that are most congenial to 
humans. This has gone on progressively over the centuries to the point where, now,
the shortest note in the original notation is equivalent to the long pulse in 
the predominant contemporary time signatures 4/4, 3/4, and 2/4.