Memphis Minnie
"In My Girlish Days"

Late hours at night, tryin' to play my hand
Through my window out stepped a man
Didn't know no better, oh boy
In my girlish days

My mama cried, Papa did too
Oh daughter, look what a shame on you
Didn't know no better, oh boy
In my girlish days

I flagged a train, didn't have a dime
Tryna run away from that home of mine
Didn't know no better, oh boy
In my girlish days

I hit the highway, caught me a truck
Nineteen and seventeen, when the world was tough
Didn't know no better, oh boy
In my girlish days

All of my playmates, they're not surprised (didn't act surprised?)
I had to travel before I got wise
I found out better, and I've still got
My girlish ways

---

Been listening to this song on repeat today. It was on my Summer 2020 seasonal
playlist on spotify. I played thru that playlist a few times at work today, and
this is one of the songs that stood out to me the most. The lyrics are a
perfect specimen of blues poetry, the recorded performance is impeccable, and
I think it serves as a definitive example of a certain blues tune. I think I
can recall some other recording that uses the same tune — perhaps Robert
Johnson? I will have to track it down.

I also listened to the local band Saving Escape's new album *Good Traveler*, 
recorded by Isaac Karns. He recommended them to me the other day, although I
was already aware of them and knew he had made their new record. I had attended
their album release show at the Woodward, but I had not listened to the record
until today, following up on Isaac's recommendation. I let Isaac know that the
record sounds excellent, that I have been interested in Saving Escape, and
would love to link up with them in some way. I was touched today when he told
me that he had also sent them my new record, expressing a hope that our worlds
might connect. That made me feel very special and hopeful! Tomorrow I will have
another day of mixing the new album with Isaac.

The first song we mixed was "Mother Earth". We scratched the surface of "The
Living End", and I expect we will continue with that tomorrow. I'm planning to 
release those two songs as singles preceding the full album, even perhaps while
the rest is still being mixed. Those are both covers, and initially I was
hesitant about leading with non-original songs. However, on reflection, I think
that these might be the perfect songs to set the tone for what I am trying to
do. After all, they are so-called covers that are very idiosyncratic and which
feel more personal to me than even many of my own compositions. I believe that
this is in fact the principal mode of musical transmission through the years,
rather than a branch off of the main trunk of "original" composition.

---

I have been choosing my set lists for PE shows through a partially random
process. Each song in my current full repertoire receives a number, 1 thru 29,
and I use an online random number generator to pick a number in that range. I
do this repeatedly, listing all the distinct songs whose numbers come up. Once
I have a list of as many songs as I intend to play, plus maybe one or two for
backup, I have a set list. However, I give myself the right to veto any song
and re-roll the dice until I come up with one I'm satisfied with. Technically,
this would allow the set lists to be completely arbitrary and not random at all,
but in practice I've generally only vetoed one or two songs per set, so most of
it is pretty random. I'll then rearrange the songs into an order that seems
appropriate, but I'll try to use as few "moves" as possible. My hope is that
this keeps me on my toes and requires me to practice all parts of the
repertoire at some point. However, if this is my specific goal, it may be
optimal at least occasionally to identify which songs have been played the
least in a given period and add those to the next set list.


