Alright, it's day two of my freewriting initiative! I'm gonna try to do this
five days a week, on the days that I work at the coffeeshop (currently Sunday,
Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday).

I've been feeling considerable anxiety in the last few days, almost entirely
relating to the Pop Empire show I have tomorrow at DSGN Collective with
Ascension Day (Isaac Karns', Jacob Taylor', and Jordin Goff's new band) and
Fake Baseball (Adam Danis' of The Go Rounds new band). And most of the anxiety
I feel relating to that has to do with the shortcomings of the sound system at
the venue. Another portion of the anxiety has to do with worrying that not many
people will come out — I feel responsible for the turnout because I booked the
show. Yet another portion is the normal anxiety prior to a performance.

My anxiety manifests itself primarily by causing me to "freeze" in a way. I
avoid all of the tasks most directly related to confronting this anxiety. For
example, I could promote the show on social media to confront the worry that
not many people will come. I have done so only a little bit, because I
experience an intense but delocalized discomfort when I begin to engage in that
behavior. I could prepare my backing tracks project file and rehearse my set,
but I have done so only minimally because I keep fixating on any other less
urgent matter.

Most of this behavioral avoidance is targeted at communication interactions —
yet there is an exception when I am face to face with someone. I don't really
mind mentioning the show to people in person, I don't mind encouraging them to
come. Moreover, I saw Mike & Julia, the venue owners, at the coffeeshop, where
I arranged a time with them to come see the venue and sound system in person.
That afternoon, I walked over to the gallery and met with Raquel, the "TD/PM of
DSGN" (per her handwritten contact info memo — make a note to figure out what
that stands for). We talked extensively about most details of the house sound
system for half an hour or more. We even had a flash of tension between us near
the beginning, and by the time I left we had reached a satisfying accord. So I
hardly mind all communication, just whatever is not face to face.

    note sept 24, 2024: I think "TD / PM" might stand for "Technical Director
    / Production Manager" — a characteristically obtuse and self-aggrandizing
    way of naming Raquel's role.

As for rehearsing for the show, I'm a procrastinator. Always have been. It's
Tuesday night, the night before the show, and I will prepare my files and
rehearse tonight. I may have to stay up later that I ought to, but I don't have
to work at the coffeeshop tomorrow, and last time I played the songs in the
upcoming set, it went decently well. So we'll roll the dice!

My mom informed that my Uncle Jim and Aunt Wendy are planning to come to the
show tomorrow. That's only two more people, but somehow it did plenty to
alleviate my anxiety about the turnout. It's a bit funny to picture them at the
show, to be honest, because it is a pretty grungy spot. At DSGN Collective, the
gallery is nice enough, and easily one of the most legit artist-run galleries
in Cincinnati. The back room where they host music shows, however, is
essentially a very large garage or storage space, and it lives the diy punk
lifestyle.

I have a barely used 50 foot 12x4 XLR snake from 3117 Warsaw that I think I
will bring and contribute to the space, if it's long enough to reach from the
stage to the mixing booth.