Third day of my writing initiative. I almost forgot about it today!

I played the show at DSGN Collective last night. Woke up around 11. It's my
inventory and manager duties day at the coffeeshop — I got to work around noon.
Around 1:30 I saw Mike & Julia, the owners of the venue, at the coffeeshop (as
I might have expected, since they are daily regulars). We got into a long but
productive conversation about concerns with their sound engineer, Raquel.
That conversation didn't wrap up until 4, when the coffeeshop was closing.
That threw off my daily schedule a bit, but I'm glad it happened, and it's the
reason I appreciate the flexibility of my work schedule doing these kinds of
tasks.

Other than some issues with this sound engineer, which mostly affected the 
touring band, Fake Baseball, the show went very well! Also, yesterday Motr
offered me a show on 10/2 and Mike & Julia offered me another show at DSGN on
10/19. I am inclined to say yes to both, especially if Jake will be available.

---

I recently bought a Brother monochrome laser printer, which I hope will provide
many years of service making inexpensive printouts and copies. I also bought a 
variety of colorful stocks to use with it, which I think will allow me very 
easily to make super cheap but very cool posters. Hopefully the quick and cheap
printouts will also be a boon to Harris in working on poetry.

I am going to set up a little cottage print shop in the basement to be a home
for the new printer, along with my old inkjet printer (still very useful for 
color printing and scanning) and all the relevant tools and accessories. I even
bought a very nice yet minimal artist's paper organizer to keep the various
letter-size paper options at hand. I plan to use Harris's old green dresser
as the locus of this little printshop, though that will require a bit of a
re-organization in the basement.

---

It's time for Freddie to go the vet, get her check-up and her shots. It's time
for me to schedule a professional haircut for myself. And meanwhile, I suppose 
I really ought to take myself to the eye doctor, the dentist, and the general
practitioner sometime soon. I feel increasingly averse to making these
appointments in that order. I'll start with Freddie and the hair appointment.

---

My next home improvement project is installing a new garden hose reel. We have 
one of those plastic rolling hose reels that came with the house, along with a 
long hose, but that thing has recently crapped out. I want a better solution 
than just replacing the reel with another like it, so I did research, and I have 
a plan. I will get a nicer metal wall-mount rotating hose reel, and mount it to 
a 4x4 post sunk into the ground. This will allow me to mow or weed-whack around
the reel with minimal inconvenience, while a more stable support for the hose to
unwind from, with just as much flexibility in where the hose goes.

The best parts of that paragraph were "along with a long hose [with the house]" 
and "where the hose goes".

I still have a minute left on the timer, and this time it felt like a long thirty
minutes. Maybe it will get easier if I keep up.