I neglected my writing duties yesterday. For shame! what shall be my
punishment?

---

I was doing a bit of research on standards for characters-per-line (CPL) in 
text documents. I've been doing these daily freewrites in MS Notepad, and of 
course I have to over-analyze everything I do, and learn what I can about the 
professional standards that could apply.

The placement of the line breaks does become relevant if I go to print these
text files, after all. I did try printing a few of my first writings, since I
had very recently bought a new laser printer that can crank out black & white
documents quick and cheap. I had been breaking my lines at a significantly 
higher number of characters than can be printed on one line of letter paper 
at the default print size for Notepad. As it turns out, this program doesn't
really offer much in the way of options for printed font size or formatting.
It doesn't even provide a proper print preview on my computer (might be an
issue with the printer actually, I'm not sure).

What I learned from my initial test prints was that the max I can fit on one
line, without fiddling with print settings, is about 82 characters. So from 
that time, I started breaking my lines at a max of 82 characters. The fact
that that simple empirical approach completely solves my practical problem
could not stop me from researching the topic. And of course, this must be a 
common enough question, right? what about typewriters, wouldn't those have had
a maximum number of characters per line? and wouldn't that have become 
standardized over time?

So of course, there are answers to my question.

It turns out 80 and 72 are both classic numbers for maximum CPL. American
teletypewriters had a standard max CPL of 72. This line length was used for 
RFC 678, a standard for formatting electronic plain text documents from the 
1970s, in the era of "line printers". IBM Punchcards used for early
computer programming had line lengths of 80 characters, which was carried over
into standard Unix terminals, and many programming languages (in some of these
languages 80 characters is a hard limit, though in many now it is simply a 
recommendation).

The most widespread typewriter fonts have monospaced character sizes of 10 or
12 characters per inch (*cpi* or *pitch*).
