Hello, world!

This is my attempt to start a new practice of freewriting on a regular basis. My intention is to set a timer for
30 minutes and write for that amount of time, at least 5 days a week.

When I was a child being homeschooled, one of my longstanding daily assignments was to write at least half a page
of lined notebook paper. For the first several years, I wrote mostly gobbledygook, just nonsense words and word salad.
Eventually my dad objected to this, and I was required to write in sensible sentences. I could still write about
any topic at all. I think the required length was extended to a full page as I got older.

My hope is that, first of all, this practice will provide me a psychological benefit. Secondly, that it will resharpen
my writing skills, which have lain mostly dormant since I dropped out of college fourteen years ago. Third, I hope
that I might actually get some useful "content" out of this which I can use for a Pop Empire blog/website, and ultimately
for my future Book of Chants. (Perhaps I should also hope to find it useful for generating lyrical ideas.)

The *book* that I'm referring to is an idea that has been conceived in my mind for some little while. I imagine it
containing some hundred songs or so, with lyrics, chord progressions, melodies and comprehensive notes regarding both
performance and context/history. These would include references to a variety of related songs, ideally with some
description of the nature of those relationships. To this canon of songs would be appended general musicological and 
performance-related notes concerning the repertoire, guidance on how to use the material, and auxiliary material
such as MIDI files and synthesizer patches. Possibly, this book would also include more abstract musings or a
narrative of my own experiences.

This book, as you can appreciate, is still a rather vague idea. However, I find it useful and inspiring as an organizing
principle for my creative efforts. The idea is *motivating* because I imagine that if it came to fruition, I believe I
would feel that all these years of efforts have been *worthwhile* in some way, because I have *this* to share with people
(likely with people living after I am gone). In conjunction with a body of recordings, I could feel that this work 
would represent a meaningful contribution to the ancient human conversation and tradition of Music. It does not matter
whether my name remains attached to any of the ideas or compositions in my book (which after all are none of them truly
my possessions) so much as it matters that the ideas and the songs are taken up into the conversation, into the
tradition, by influencing other musicians and artists. This is my way of trying to achieve immortality.

To shelter in the cool and warm, to have shade and sun, to stay dry and have abundant water, to eat hearty food, to fuck
beautiful women, and to live forever are the aims of life.

I'm thriving so far.

Half an hour is up now, and it feels like I've just started hitting a good rhythm!